twist-twirl tangle want hello
questions come from our customers like
install correctly
the cover received from us because the cover
produced highly accurately dressed in
stretch and so specifically for you
the rest we have two yaponchika 4 5 for them
respectively the cases are prepared both
iPhone wrapped in film
protective front and rear but here
there is a nuance that the films are different
that is, if
iPhone is pasted over with a thin film
no problems should arise
films now have thicker punches
protective
there may be problems because
the cases actually
produced millimeter to millimeter and so
iphone case puts on very simple
the only key movement is the block
Button controls need to be served first
case in the hole of the case
and then snap the dad across
plane look what happened f he
running doesn't swear the same with
iphone fourth movement key this
pushbutton unit is fed into the hole
cover
then snaps the characteristic look
iphone works all right iphone
everything works fine
means if necessary, remove the cover as
say the military in reverse order
there is a far edge of the phone which we
snap the last turn removed
first of all from the bottom where the button
home
a little nail picked up removed
the phone is working does not swear at all
good bye